when interest rates turn south the stock
market turns north but there are points
in history when absolutely nothing goes
the way it should the markets react
wildly and the cracks turn into chasms
we are at the precipice so hang on tight
you came here for the truth today we are
going to look at the 19 countries that
have negative interest rates I'll
connect that in with a few other points
a few other charts let's begin this is
the chart we're looking at or you can
see Switzerland Germany and Italy and
others all having negative rates on
their debt now what is the striking
similarity with these countries Europe
is the common denominator this is a euro
viral contagion they are getting worse
and worse in a country like let's say
slovenia slovakia are selling their debt
and negative rates when a country like
germany is also doing the same so it's
not just one or the other the weaker
countries of the stronger countries it
is contagion they all have to do it but
have no fear because the central banks
will be there to save the day that's
right take a look at this here you know
that draggy has been implementing his
policies you know that Kuroda has been
doing so in Japan you know that Yellen
is sitting there ready and waiting to
flip the switch the ECB balance sheet
has gone into astronomical levels this
is very important to note because the
fact first of all hitting nearly 5
trillion dollars but you're also not
thinking about it as this is a global
system and all of the central bank's
work together there's not one or the
other there is hundreds of billions
dollars being printed every single month
put into the system and it doesn't
necessary
they have to go in one direction right
away it can make its way around it it
might take a few years before that
inflation is felt but you can see what
is happening there was a lot of
stagnation after QE 3 ended but it
picked up after and y-you can see the
central banks actually the total amount
of money printed is higher than ever and
this goes to show you that there is a
devaluation of currencies worldwide they
work together that's the important parts
that I wanted to make while interest
rates are at such low levels I mean to
think that you would invest in a product
that you knew would give you less on the
way back usually people go for that junk
bonds and they go for all of these more
risky type investments derivatives and
everything else because they can get
more yield well in this case you're
willing to actually accept a negative
return on your money that's when you
know things are topsy-turvy that
everything is upside down this is a
complete joke
you remember Cyprus well according to
this the Bank of Cyprus post a big loss
on bad debt provisions look at this
remember back in 2013 Cyprus clinched a
ten billion dollar loan from the
European Union and the IMF everyone
loves them to bail out its troubled
economy and oversized banking system so
what happened there I covered it here
and I was ridiculed even though it is a
fact that 47.5% haircut on deposits
above one hundred thousand euros at the
Bank of Cyprus people lost money that's
a fact half of their wealth above a
hundred thousand saying you have too
much money now give it to everyone else
but instead of giving it to everyone
else
they end up just of course taking that
to revitalize their own bank even though
they're the ones who were the problem in
the first place
the bank has since undergone a major
restructuring with included absorbing
the good assets from their former bank
and selling assets underlining its
comeback the Bank listed on the London
Stock Exchange in January this is a
disaster waiting to happen you can see
what's going on with all the debt it's
all going downhill and nobody's really
wanted to talk about it and it's really
showing me how the mainstream media is
able to work together with them to make
sure that this to make sure that it all
goes ahead as planned Denmark I'm always
getting people from Denmark telling me
that they want more information so hello
to all my friends in Denmark the
government proposed a broad range of can
you believe it tax cuts that will hit
all income groups making it cheaper to
save towards retirement and reduced
levies on cars this at least on the
surface seems like it's an excellent
thing I think it's great whenever there
are tax cuts to me that's a good thing
of course then if they need to make
their money back from somewhere they end
up raising taxes somewhere else that's
what worries me and I believe this could
happen here but if there are overall
reduced taxes I am all for that I think
that that is a good thing because people
want to be able to keep the money that
they earn why not if you want to have
taxes on consumption that's one thing
but if you want to have your taxes based
on someone's income some of the property
taxes I think that that is just it's a
terrible thing well there's more in here
essentially they're trying to impose
this will see if it goes through and I
wish all those in Denmark
to be very successful and hope for the
best for them the some regions of the
world are just taxed so heavily and I
know that for a fact
because I'm in Canada and the taxes are
so high it's a very big burden global
emerging market debt total return and
the g3 central bank balance sheet have
been in complete correlation in fact
I've seen this with other things where
this g3 central bank balance sheet is
directly correlated to so many different
things that are covered here on the
channel of course and it goes back to
what I always say all the time if
central banks are willing to print money
you can continue this fraud but what we
have are things that become a little
more uncontrollable and I say that with
caution because as they become
uncontrollable the central bank can get
in and simply print more money and bring
the interest rates down they have these
mechanisms but things will get worse and
then they print even more money and then
things get worse and then then put more
money and so on and so forth
that's what happens historically we'll
see how it all unfolds we're just in the
middle of it today turning over to the
emerging markets China manufacturing PMI
hits a looks like one year low at this
time I don't know if it's going to turn
around in an instant that happens it
does happen occasionally but at this
time anyway we can see that it is
significantly lower than where it was
just a few months ago so we'll see where
that all turns out that's it for this
video if you found it informative
please give me a thumbs up support me in
any way you can just give me a thumbs up
just subscribe to the channel comment
down below I'll reply to you these are
things that help me very much
I know that a lot of people have said
that they've been watching the ads even
though they might want to hit that skip
button and I do appreciate that very
much because of course that allows the
you know when there are ads anyway for
it to come through and I appreciate that
thank you very much thank you to all
those on patreon thank you to all those
through pain
pal Bitcoin - and all the other kryptos
thank you to every single one out there
who supports me I appreciate it very
much if you found this video informative
I know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
flip through these books if you're
interested the links are in the
description below
take care